Add minutes for 2024-12-03 (#1219)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: org-cyf-guides/content/contributing/minutes/index.md

---

## 2024-12-03

Attendees: Ali Smith, Sally McGrath, Mitch Lloyd

### ❗Actions from last time

* [ ] All: Collaboratively put together LOs and name for ITP Introduction Module

> * [ ] Daniel: Sync with Karen on Piscine dashboard requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [x] Daniel: Sync with Karen on Piscine dashboard requirements
```

We did this! tl;dr: Short-term we're going to run the application process outside of the dashboard, and will use the dashboard to track progress _within_ the Piscine. Long-term they know what we need for application stuff too.

Author: Thanks! I had a feeling you had, I remember seeing slack activity about it, but didn't want to complete without double checking.

  * Also discussed in [this Slack thread](https://codeyourfuture.slack.com/archives/C012UUW69S8/p1732730885296249)
* Decision: We would like to simplify testing and move away from Jest to built-in Node tools
  * We think it would be useful to have materials on testing in-depth (e.g. introducing more complex assertions, mocking, unit vs integration vs e2e, philosophies around testing etc)
* Action: Mitch to write up a ticket

#### How will tracks work?

* Demand led - if there's a job, we can create a track for it
* Sally: Have started on a SAP FI/CO Track
  * [Curriculum link](https://tracks.codeyourfuture.io/sap-fico/)
  * If we land a deal with a large enterprise company, then we'll run this Track
  * Financial / Enterprise Resource planning
  * Will run as workshops on Saturdays, with volunteers from the company
    * They'll also provide environments for trainees to use
  * Anyone who completes, should be eligible for submitting their CV to the company
* Sally: Working with employers to agree LOs, pre-reqs for getting the job
  * [Example doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zJomRiMshLluuWq_F_dM8fAxSM-ljmZZrl4H1o9aZxc/edit?tab=t.0)

> * Sally: Google have awarded us a grant to run an AI Essentials track

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Sally: Centre for Public Impact have awarded us a grant to run an AI Essentials track
```

  * [Press release](https://centreforpublicimpact.org/ai-opportunity-fund/)

>   * Will run by Google, essentially it's a version of their online video course

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Will run by their provided trainers, essentially it's a version of their online video course
```

    * The [old React module](https://tracks.codeyourfuture.io/react/) is now in the self-study section of the curriculum website

#### Volunteer onboarding

* Ali: When attending in-person workshop on 23rd Nov, encouraged all volunteers to gather together and chat about any questions they had, introduce new people to how CYF works (how the courses fit together etc)
  * Also tried to encourage regular volunteers to run this small meeting regularly
  * The goal was to try to encourage a community of practice and share knowledge
* Sally: Asked German to run [a workshop on community building](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sMxm8y-mV1PVNATdQpPPVUpUZziBiNeSWxifxcOSfTA/edit?tab=t.0)
  * Do _not_ want to explain why lecturing is a bad thing!
    * Ali: Perhaps need to think about how we can filter out this sort of thinking before we get to this stage
* Ali: Have been thinking about conference talks with the idea that we can try to attract people with a matching mindset & skills
  * Have put in for several CFPs, but not got anything back yet
* Sally: German to ask Ali about what CYF can do to help in this area
  * Ali: The main thing is time!

### ❗Actions

> * [ ] Daniel: Sync with Karen on Piscine dashboard requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
